Hi, everyone.
In this next hour, we're going to go over the matching part three.
All right, so in the example line we have getting the March numbers and characters of Alphabet with
brackets, the match method.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a regular expression.
But before that, notice that we have some numbers inside the string as well.
They don't make sense, but I just wanted to provide them for testing purposes.
So Reg nine.
Oops, what is that nine X equals.
So what it is that we are looking for?
So what I want to do is I want to grab numbers from one to three, including one and three.
Also, I want to grab the alphabet letters from X to Z, including X and Z.
So we are going to grab numbers one, two, three and letters X, Y and Z so we can do that with brackets
as well.
And I want to grab all the occurrences of these numbers sorry, these characters.
And I want to ignore the case sensitiveness.
So let's go ahead and let's search him out in here.
So if I say it, we get one one so we get only numbers.
One, two, three.
We don't get four, five, six.
And we only get the letters X, Y and Z.
So we have an X and we have a Y and we have Z here because this contains all the English letters of
alphabet.
We do get all of them in here.
But notice we don't get be D a F, whatever.
We just get what we have provided inside the search pattern that's coming this one out.
And let's go to the next example.
So in the next example, we are just provided this line.
I thought this was like in the previous lecture, it was a bit confusing where the example ends, where
the second word, the other example starts.
So I just provided it like this.
And you don't want just for your simplicity purposes, I'm just going to provide this comment here as
well.
It is going to grab this, including one three X and Z, in case you're wondering about the boundary
characters.
So example turn getting not the matched numbers and characters with brackets.
The match method.
This is the negated character sets.
So let's see, how can we work with this?
So let's create our regular expression.
So this is not nineteen ten X.
All right.
So inside these slashes, I'm just going to provide our brackets.
So I want to grab everything that does not match what I have written inside these brackets.
OK, so get everything except what this brackets what what these brackets like search for.
So we are just going to provide the carrot symbol.
Make sure you do not confuse this with carrot.
This is the a vegetable and but this is like veggie, whatever, vegetable, vegetable.
But what we are looking for is carrot.
It is this symbol.
So these two are different.
Right.
So this is the carrot.
This is the six six key keyboard I like on your keyboard.
The sixth one, not the calculus calculator part, but these are letters that these keys which are on
top of your alphabets and in your keyboard on your keyboard.
So I'm moving away from that weird discussion whenever we provide the carrots inside the brackets.
Keep keep this in mind.
The carrot is inside the brackets when it is outside the brackets.
Well, weird, weird enough.
It has a different meaning.
Right.
So keep this in mind.
So we want to grab everything which are not numbers from one to nine.
OK, so maybe like you should provide to six and like you just provide three.
OK, we don't want to grab the numbers from one to nine and we also don't want to grab characters from
a TV.
And we also do not want to grab the space.
We just provide the space.
We want to grab all the occurrences of this and also ignore the case sensitiveness and before running
this.
I'm just going to provide this comment, get everything except the ones included in this, so let's
go ahead and let's run this and come these one in and just grab this search.
Turn and let's save it so we get everything, which is not the number, which is not the number from
one to nine, so we don't see one to nine and which are not the letters ATV.
All right.
So we have ABCDE, J, k, l and O p q r s t u v WXYZ.
So we only get W, we get X and we get Y and we get see.
So this is how the carrot works inside the brackets.
For the example.
No.11, what it is that we want to do is we are going to getting we are going to get the March numbers
and characters that occur one or more times.
So so far we only crowd them all of the occurrences through this.
Duflot but.
We want to grab the occurrence if it is one or more time, this is where this plus comes in.
So we have now we are talking about this, plus we talked about this carrot, you can see it as much
as the start of the string or line.
That's because the carrot is outside the bracket.
That's what it means.
So we are going to go ahead and go over this by the end of this chapter.
You will know what that 60 file means.
So let's go ahead and let's create our Regg 11 X.
And what it is that we are looking for is we want to grab the occurrences of let's say.
Al, for example, Al, two times, so we don't have any Al, I'm just going to provide really this
word in here and unexpected, OK, it is this year.
So I want to grab one or more occurrences of Al, right.
So I'm just going to provide an F plus here and.
OK.
So but because we are looking for one or more times, it could be there could be like two L's, that's
why we should use the G flag so we can get all of them.
We can print all of them.
All right.
And let's put this here and.
OK, so let's save it, let's grab this and let's put it to 11, if I save it, we get the oil first
and we get the the double.
And now let's go ahead and let's look at this.
So this it comes from this lazy.
Right.
So this is the Lascelle.
And this is going to be really the second the double al is going to come from this.
Really.
So what this plus does, it is going to grab this the character that is inside the string and has been
rapid.
Is there or and the occurrences either one time or more than that, the occurrence basically means how
many times the letter or character has been repeated inside the string.
So up until here we have only one answer.
It has been repeated only once, but in here we have two other wells.
That's why we have two other L's in here.
And it means that it has been repeated a second time.
We want to grab all of them.
All right.
As opposed to if we were just to provide the gif, like we would get all the individual else.
But this plus it is going to combine them wherever they are.
So if there is another word that let's say we have another really that has three L's, and if I say
it, we are going to get all the individual URLs, but if we use the plus side, we are going to combine
them.
We will know, OK?
Where are the these these are combined.
OK, so this was the example, No.11, let's dive into the example number 12.
OK, so and here we are going to get the mushed characters that occur zero or more times, so we talked
about one or more times.
Now, let's go ahead and let's talk about zero or more times.
So for this one, I'm going to do is we are going to use another sentence, and that is Google.
All right, let's create our regular 12 X.
And what it is that we are looking for, so we are looking for Geo and we are going to put in this the
asterisk.
And that said, so let's go ahead and let's save it.
And I'm going to explain to you before saving this to the console and printing it to the console, I'm
going to explain to so we are looking for a character of G and after that we are looking for the O part
could be repeating, could be like repeated zero or more times.
But in here we could see that it is almost two, three, four, five.
So there is almost eight times.
So we don't care how many times it has been repeated.
So because Google has two O's, you can just provide it like this.
You can say you can just provide the asterisk and the asterisk is going to look for O.
Whether the O has been is there has been repeated zero or more times.
So if the O isn't there, it is going to match.
If the O is there only once it is going to match.
If there is more than one O it is going to match as well.
So if I say it we get that specific G right.
So we get the G from here.
OK, so this is the the example number 12, so we are getting the matched characters that occurred zero
or more times.
So let's say that we get the G because this has been groups and defined the index as number seven to
the oh, we are checking against.
I thought there was something incorrect.
We should just write sentence two and now we are getting the Google, not the early part JLE part,
but that part we are getting, we are getting all the OS.
But if I were to decrease all of them to only one hour, we are going to get that as well.
So it doesn't matter how many times the O has been repeated, it is going to grab all the occurrences
of that oh.
Which has been repeated so the occurrence could be zero or the occurrence could be like more times than
zero.
Let's dive into the example number 13, we are going to do 16 examples like former examples in this
lecture as well.
So in this, we are going to get the matched characters with lazy matching.
Now, this idea is a bit like this is a newer thing that we talk about in regular expressions.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to stop right here and I'm going to come in here and I'm just going
to say part four.
So in the next lecture, we are going to talk about part four within the same file.
So that said for this lecture, see you guys in the next one.